update Nodejs listing (#12397)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/_index.md

{{< partial name="profiling/profiling-languages.html" >}}

> To get notified when a private beta is available for the **PHP** or **.NET** Profiler, [sign up here][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get notified when a private beta is available for the **PHP** or **.NET** Profiler, complete the [Continuous Profiler - Product Access Request form][1].
```
